“The best way to predict the future is to create it.” - Peter Drucker  
“Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.” - Buddha  
“Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.” - John Lennon  
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.” - Albert Schweitzer  
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” - Mae West  
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt  
“The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” - Dalai Lama  
“Believe you can and you're halfway there.” - Theodore Roosevelt  
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” - Oscar Wilde  
“Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.” - Dr. Seuss  
“In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.” - Albert Einstein  
“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” - George Addair  
“Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.” - Dalai Lama  
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” - Steve Jobs  
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” - Mahatma Gandhi  
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” - William James  
“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.” - Franklin D. Roosevelt  
“Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.” - Mother Teresa  
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.” - Walt Whitman  
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” - Nelson Mandela  
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” - Milton Berle  
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson  
“Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill  
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.” - C.S. Lewis  
“Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” - Sam Levenson  
“Opportunities don't happen. You create them.” - Chris Grosser  
“Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.” - Walter Elliot  
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” - Steve Jobs  
“Failure is not the opposite of success; it’s part of success.” - Arianna Huffington  
“The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph.” - George Washington  
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” - C.S. Lewis  
“Dream big and dare to fail.” - Norman Vaughan  
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” - Henry David Thoreau  
“Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.” - Albert Einstein  
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” - Roy T. Bennett  
“Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” - John Wooden  
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” - Oprah Winfrey  
“It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.” - Vince Lombardi  
“An unexamined life is not worth living.” - Socrates  
“The mind is everything. What you think you become.” - Buddha  
“The best way out is always through.” - Robert Frost  
“It’s never too late to be what you might have been.” - George Eliot  
“Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.” - Napoleon Hill  
“Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” - Joshua J. Marine  
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.” - Winston Churchill  
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” - Arthur Ashe  
“Limit your ‘always’ and your ‘nevers.’” - Amy Poehler  
“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.” - Wayne Gretzky  
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you’ll land among the stars.” - Norman Vincent Peale  
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” - Steve Martin  
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney  
“Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.” - Peter Marshall  
“Learning never exhausts the mind.” - Leonardo da Vinci  
“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.” - Henry David Thoreau  
“Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” - Will Rogers  
“Change your thoughts and you change your world.” - Norman Vincent Peale  
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” - Nelson Mandela  
“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson  
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” - Lao Tzu  
“Work hard in silence, let success be your noise.” - Frank Ocean  
“The best revenge is massive success.” - Frank Sinatra  
“What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.” - Zig Ziglar  
“If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.” - Booker T. Washington  
“Don’t count the days, make the days count.” - Muhammad Ali  
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right—for you’ll be criticized anyway.” - Eleanor Roosevelt  
“Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.” - George S. Patton  
“Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.” - Dalai Lama  
“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” - Aristotle  
“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.” - Oscar Wilde  
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” - Eleanor Roosevelt  
“We become what we think about.” - Earl Nightingale  
“Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” - George Bernard Shaw  
“Be the hero of your own story.” - Joe Rogan  
“Courage is grace under pressure.” - Ernest Hemingway  
“Life is made of ever so many partings welded together.” - Charles Dickens  
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.” - Albert Einstein  
“If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything.” - Mark Twain  
“Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.” - Babe Ruth  
“Do what you love and the money will follow.” - Marsha Sinetar  
“Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.” - Robert Collier  
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” - Seneca  
“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” - Zig Ziglar  
